---
title: "Code of Conduct"
bg: '#051622'
color: white
fa-icon: film
---

# Code of Conduct

The BFE and RMA are committed to delivering harassment-free conferences for everyone, regardless of sex, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, race, age, disciplinary affiliation, or religion or belief. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference at the discretion of conference organisers, and in accordance with the relevant policies of the host institution (with additional consequences for BFE/RMA membership at the discretion of the BFE Committee or RMA Council).

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to sex, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, disciplinary affiliation, or religion or belief. It also includes intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Note that what is said online (for example on social media and blogs) is just as real as what is said and done in person at the conference. Note also that we expect participants to follow these rules at all conference venues and conference-related social events.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, conference organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or asking them to leave.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have other concerns, please contact a conference organiser or a designated assistant, who will be happy to contact university/college security or police, to arrange for an escort, or otherwise help participants feel safe for the duration of the event.

This policy is based on the [LIBER 2015 Code of Conduct](http://www.liber2015.org.uk/code-of-conduct/), which is in turn based on the [conference anti-harassment policy on the Geek Feminism Wiki](http://geekfeminism.wikia.org/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy).

The BFE/RMA Conference Code of Conduct can be viewed and downloaded as a PDF [here](https://bfe.org.uk/sites/default/files/BFE-RMA%20Conference%20Code%20of%20Conduct_20190812.pdf).